README.md, before:

# Wrecking Pila

## "Veni quasi wrecking pila"

This is a simple mod that adds decisions and events to:

- remove all buildings of a type for your country
- remove all buildings of a type for your ai subjects
- exploit the taxes of all the available provinces having the choice between core and territorial provinces

**TGE supported!**

**NOT Ironman Compatible**

Any suggestions or questions feel free to ask!

## Notes

If you use this mod you are forced to use my decision to exploit **taxes**. Because the base game does not give a way for mods to find if a province was exploited or not.

**Sailors and manpower exploitation is unchanged.**

## Road map

- Add events for every specific subject that you have
- Exploiting taxes for your vassals?
- Automatic event to exploit taxes

## Compatibility

Any mod that does not change the `00_scripted_functions.txt` file in `common/scripted_function` folder is compatible.

## Steam description

```
[h1]Wrecking Pila[/h1]

[h2]"Veni quasi wrecking pila"[/h2]

This is a simple mod that adds decisions and events to:
[list]
[*] remove all buildings of a type for your country
[*] remove all buildings of a type for your ai subjects
[*] exploit the taxes of all the available provinces having the choice between core and territorial provinces
[/list]

[b]TGE supported![/b]

[b]NOT Ironman compatible![/b]

Any suggestions or questions feel free to ask!

[h2]Notes[/h2]

If you use this mod you are forced to use my decision to exploit [b]taxes[/b]. Because the base game does not give a way for mods to find if a province was exploited or not.

[b]Sailors and manpower exploitation is unchanged.[/b]

[h2]Compatibility[/h2]

Any mod that does not change the 
[code]00_scripted_functions.txt[/code] file in 
[code]common/scripted_function[/code] folder is compatible.

[h2]Road map[/h2]

[list]
[*] Add events for every specific subject that you have
[*] Exploiting taxes for your vassals?
[*] Automatic event to exploit taxes
[/list]
```

Commit message:

Added option to remove specific to territories and fixed cancel construction bug

README.md, after:

# Wrecking Pila

## "Veni quasi wrecking pila"

This is a simple mod that adds decisions and events to:

- remove all buildings of a type for your country cores and territories
- remove all buildings of a type for your ai subjects
- exploit the taxes of all the available provinces having the choice between core and territorial provinces

**TGE supported!**

**NOT Ironman Compatible**

Any suggestions or questions feel free to ask!

## Notes

If you use this mod you are forced to use my decision to exploit **taxes**. Because the base game does not give a way for mods to find if a province was exploited or not.

**Sailors and manpower exploitation is unchanged.**

## Road map

- Add events for every specific subject that you have
- Exploiting taxes for your vassals?
- Automatic event to exploit taxes

## Compatibility

Any mod that does not change the `00_scripted_functions.txt` file in `common/scripted_function` folder is compatible.

## Steam description

```
[h1]Wrecking Pila[/h1]

[h2]"Veni quasi wrecking pila"[/h2]

This is a simple mod that adds decisions and events to:
[list]
[*] remove all buildings of a type for your country cores and territories
[*] remove all buildings of a type for your ai subjects
[*] exploit the taxes of all the available provinces having the choice between core and territorial provinces
[/list]

[b]TGE supported![/b]

[b]NOT Ironman compatible![/b]

Any suggestions or questions feel free to ask!

[h2]Notes[/h2]

If you use this mod you are forced to use my decision to exploit [b]taxes[/b]. Because the base game does not give a way for mods to find if a province was exploited or not.

[b]Sailors and manpower exploitation is unchanged.[/b]

[h2]Compatibility[/h2]

Any mod that does not change the 
[code]00_scripted_functions.txt[/code] file in 
[code]common/scripted_function[/code] folder is compatible.

[h2]Road map[/h2]

[list]
[*] Add events for every specific subject that you have
[*] Exploiting taxes for your vassals?
[*] Automatic event to exploit taxes
[/list]
```
